docs(bpmn-workflows): clarify variable visibility of multi-instance (#4389)
zeebe-io/zeebe: docs/src/bpmn-workflows/multi-instance/multi-instance.md

Input and output variable mappings can be defined at the multi-instance activity. They are applied **on each instance** on activating and on completing.

> The input mappings can be used to create new local variables in the scope of an instance. These variables are only visible within the instance. It is a way to restrict the **visibility** of variables. By default, new variables, for example, provided by a job worker, are created in the scope of the workflow instance and are visible to all instances and outside of the multi-instance activity. If the variable is defined as local variable then it is not propagated to a parent or the workflow instance scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The input mappings can be used to create new local variables in the scope of an instance. These variables are only visible within the instance. It is a way to restrict the **visibility** of variables. By default, new variables (e.g. provided by a job worker) are created in the scope of the workflow instance and are visible to all instances (i.e. instances of the multi instance activity) as well as outside of the multi-instance activity. If the variable is defined as local variable, then it is not propagated to a parent or the workflow instance scope. This is especially important for parallel multi instance activities, as race conditions may occur when variables are shared among the instances (i.e. non-local variables).
```
